*10 Sirorev 1524*

As the group prepares for a potential attack, the tension in the air becomes palpable. [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Gideon]], known for his unconventional methods, takes it upon himself to smash open the door and confront the source of the disturbance. The room is filled with armed warrior, who immediately recognize [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Gideon]] as one of the strangers they were ordered to apprehend.

Without hesitation, two of the guards attack [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Gideon]], leading to a chaotic melee. [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Gideon]] channels his power, unleashing a deafening thunderwave that alerts the entire tower. The battle is intense, and the group barely manages to come out on top against the squad in the room and a full squad that responds to the noise, including two warrior captains.

As they catch their breath and assess their wounds, they hear the sound of someone stumbling upstairs. [[../Characters/Player Characters/Lugh Aynurdaris|Lugh]] quickly makes a plan, sending his duplicate to distract the guards as he gathers intelligence about the layout of the tower. Upstairs, he confronts the leader of the warrior unit, trying to convince them to turn against Ralph.

After exchanging words, [[../Characters/Player Characters/Lugh Aynurdaris|Lugh]] discovers to his horror that Ralph is in fact the leader he was arguing with. He summons his power and he hurls words of radiance at Ralph and his guards with the remaining strength of his duplicate.  
  
The group hastily darkened the bottom floor of the tower and prepared an ambush with the crossbows they had looted from their defeated enemies. However, their plan was foiled when Ralph threatened the lives of the captured villagers. A member of the crossbowmen went up another floor to get Anora as a hostage, only to be met by [[../Characters/Player Characters/Ainalucia Julieta Adriana Loracan|Aina]]'s sharp arrow on the stairs, bringing him down.

The commotion caused the goon to fall on top of Anora, trapping her. [[../Characters/Player Characters/Lugh Aynurdaris|Lugh]] quickly rushed to her aid and lifted the goon's lifeless body to free Anora from harm's way. He successfully used the body as a shield against the enemies. Ralph, in particular, proved to be a formidable opponent, disarming [[../Characters/Player Characters/Lugh Aynurdaris|Lugh]] and taking his shield and mace. Ralph later also took Sir Roderick's blade from him.

Luckily, Sir Roderick holds the opening to the stairs against the enemy, allowing the group to pop up and shoot them repeatedly. When Ralph is finally defeated by a throat bash with Sir Roderick's shield, a red gem on his chest starts to glow and burn into dust.

[[../Characters/Player Characters/Ainalucia Julieta Adriana Loracan|Aina]] and [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Gideon]] go upstairs to find the keys and release the prisoners. They find Elric, Dunsten, Elanil, Laras, Kethel, the miller, Jorn, Veigga, and Horben in the cells. Unfortunately, Veigga is in a separate cell, growling about hunger and grasping through the bars. She seems to almost be a zombie.

[[../Characters/Player Characters/Lugh Aynurdaris|Lugh]] and Sir Roderick tended to the lower levels of the tower, cleaning up the remains of their battle to avoid a grisly scene for the newly released prisoners. With the prisoners freed, they were able to gather their strength and rest before going to retrieve Braya from the inn.

As they returned to the tower, the group was alarmed to hear screams and church bells ringing in the distance. They soon realized that the sounds were coming from the direction of the church, and the group spotted zombies shuffling into town from that same direction. The group braced themselves for another battle, but they didn’t seem able to break the tower’s defenses.