---
tags:
  - session-log
  - waldhein-adventure
---
*Date: 28 Oct 2022*
7th Sirorev 1524

The group have arrived in Waldhein. Jorn tells us that the group can spend the night in the inn called "The Wild Hut". The group offer him to investigate his wife’s illness. On their way to Jorn's house, the group pass several houses that turn out to be marked by a symbol of the god [[../Gods/The Grey/Timnar|Timnar]] on the front door. The symbol looks like a T, with a simple chisel horizontally at the top and an upright hammer below it. When the group asks Jorn about it, he tells us that the village is controlled by the warriors of [[../Gods/The Grey/Timnar|Timnar]]. The mark on the doors means that the people of that house do not follow the rules imposed by them. The rules boil down to following the orders of the warriors and that the warriors will protect the village from the zombie attacks. The zombies do not enter the village because the warriors patrol the perimeter. The villagers are also not allowed to leave the village at night for their own safety. Jorn seems to like warriors of [[../Gods/The Grey/Timnar|Timnar]]. They saved his wife in the attack. 

His house turns out to be a normal-looking grain farm just outside the village itself. The group enter his house and Jorn calls in his wife, who indeed looks rather ill. Apparently, the local priest could do nothing about the disease. [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Carceroy]] uses the tattoo on his hand to identify the disease. He does sense something about magic, but it is unknown what it is. There is some kind of resonance with necromancy magic, but it's not a direct spell. [[../Characters/Player Characters/Lugh Aynurdaris|Lugh]] and [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Carceroy]] therefore decide that they will prepare some spells for the next morning to further investigate and hopefully cure the disease. For now, [[../Characters/Player Characters/Lugh Aynurdaris|Lugh]] uses a normal healing spell, which seems to provide some relief. However, the green spot remains unchanged. His examination of the green spot reveals that it is some kind of rot. The stain is sort of dead, but not really rotting.

Jorn, who is very happy with us, shows us the way to the aforementioned inn. On the way there, the group talks again about everything the group has learned. Akila informs [[../Characters/Player Characters/Ainalucia Julieta Adriana Loracan|Aina]] that the symbol of the church is also T-shaped and thus probably belongs to [[../Gods/The Grey/Timnar|Timnar]].

The inn is a brick building opposite the tower. The signboard is a wild boar with a hut on its back. Inside, the group find three people, two halflings and a young girl. A large wolfhound is sleeping in a corner. The group ends up in an argument of sorts. The girl, who’s called Braya, would like to work in the inn, but the halflings don't want to because the father, the blacksmith Elrich, has forbidden it. [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Carceroy]] interrupts their discussion and the group learns that the halflings are named Laras Mildshine and Anora. The wolfhound's name is Boar. [[../Characters/Player Characters/Ainalucia Julieta Adriana Loracan|Aina]], meanwhile, tries to help Braya by offering her a job, but the halflings intervene and send her home.

When Braya is gone, the group talks to the halflings and they tell us that they don't like the warriors. They apparently consist of farmers and the like that live in Waldhein. The warriors formed after the initial attack on the village by the zombies and they were soon accusing the two "witches". The Mildshine's sit the group down with some drinks, apple juice and wine, and begin a deeper conversation. [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Carceroy]] in particular bonded well with Laras over their shared facial decoration. The group finds out that the "witches" have been accused mainly by superstition. There seems to be no concrete evidence.
The witches have been living in a cabin in the forest for about half a year. There is otherwise little cause for animosity with the villagers. The group also find out that Laras isn't entirely local either and is originally from Dachwald.

When the group asks further questions about the warriors, Laras tells them that they mainly stay in the tavern and that their leader is a man named Ralph Ogden. Originally, the group originally came together after a rousing speech from the local priest named Cedric Penrod. Ralph later organized the group under the banner of Warriors of [[../Gods/The Grey/Timnar|Timnar]]. The priest is an old man with not many magical powers, or at least he has lost them due to his age. 

A few months ago, the mayor of the village died and the sheriff was killed in the first attack. No new mayor has been elected, so there was a power vacuum. The warriors have taken over the tower across the road. The group argues that the mayor's death is suspicious and maybe the sheriff’s too? The farrier Dunsten did not agree with how the warriors behave. He is a good friend of Laras, who shared his view. To keep Dunsten in line, his daughter Alanil is now held captive in the tower. 

After dinner, [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Carceroy]] goes to his room early to prepare for the next morning. [[../Characters/Player Characters/Ainalucia Julieta Adriana Loracan|Aina]] and [[../Characters/Player Characters/Lugh Aynurdaris|Lugh]] stay behind to talk some more. [[../Characters/Player Characters/Ainalucia Julieta Adriana Loracan|Aina]] asks Laras to tell a bit more about the area. There were some interesting sightings. One sighting was by a certain trader named Cathil, who has seen a ghost in the Lenberg hills. Laras also suspect that the village somehow angered [[../Gods/The Grey/Nethin|Nethin]], given the zombies. However, there is no specific ancient temple nearby as far as Laras is aware. The miller found an old Ungar cemetery. The Ungar were a local group of knights in the distant past. The cemetery in question is further into the hills. Laras thinks there might be a connection to this.

When the conversation is over, the group all go to their own rooms. [[../Characters/Player Characters/Ainalucia Julieta Adriana Loracan|Aina]] sends Akila out late at night to take a look at the tower. There she finds a young woman sleeping on straw in a cell behind a barred window on the top floor. She has slightly pointed ears, her clothes are intact and she has no visible wounds. There are also indications that she is fed.

The next morning, [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Carceroy]] comes out of his room with a new kind of armour. The group talk together about what the group is going to do and how the group should act. When the group goes down, there are five warriors in the main hall and the group are arrested for plotting against [[../Gods/The Grey/Timnar|Timnar]]. When the group asks for proof, the group is only told that it doesn't matter. [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Carceroy]] gets very angry about the lack of evidence and the group gets into a fight. During the battle, an old man enters, who is startled and tells the warriors to put their weapons away, which they reluctantly do. The old man then sends them out of the inn.

[[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Carceroy]] is still annoyed as the old man introduces himself as the local priest, Cedric. Cedric, on the other hand, is annoyed about the witch he wants to see removed from this village. He seems to really want to help the village. [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Carceroy]] demands that the warriors apologize publicly and in return, the group will help the village. When the group asks the priest for healing, Cedric says he's too old to cast spells and seems to loathe himself. [[../Characters/Player Characters/Ainalucia Julieta Adriana Loracan|Aina]] also asks about the location of the witch's hut. It turns out to be about a 3 hour walk into the forest and witch has not been seen for several weeks. The group tells Cedric that the group will help and Cedric will rebuke the warriors. After the incident, the group leaves for Veigga, Jorn's wife.