---
tags:
  - session-log
  - mohanpura-adventure
---
*19 Sirorev 1524*

According to Suhana, the mercenaries had been expecting the group, and Ravi Singh was interested in both them and Suhana herself. This interest likely stemmed from the possibility of recovering relics from the temple that Dr. Gupta might find during his expedition. Suhana raised concerns about Dr. Gupta possibly being watched.

While walking, [[../Characters/Player Characters/Megan Wattson|Megan]] Watson appeared to be staring at the chests of a group of female students, drawing attention and prompting a confrontation. However, it became clear that he wasn't looking at their chests, but rather at the amulets they were wearing. He inquired about their amulets, and one of the students explained that she specialized in transmutation, and her amulet signified her expertise while granting her the ability to use the prestidigitation spell. In return, she was curious about the group's origins.

Apart from students, the park they passed through was mostly populated by elderly individuals and families with children. Suhana pointed out a large building overlooking the garden, indicating that it was the university. The group decided to visit the university first before heading to the apartments where Dr. Gupta lived. The building was elegantly designed, with a more understated grace than the opulence they had seen near the Portalis.

Comparing the time elapsed since their travel through the Portalis with the position of the sun, they realized that this place was approximately three hours ahead of Feldenburg. Though [[../Characters/Player Characters/Lugh Aynurdaris|Lugh]] didn't fully understand Watson's explanation, it sounded reasonable.

Upon reaching the university, they encountered a young receptionist named Chaya. She looked up Dr. Gupta's schedule and disclosed that he had been on an expedition for a week already, without utilizing any university funds for it. Given her estimation of his available wealth, this suggested that he hadn't left the city and had possibly been avoiding his academic responsibilities. When the group raised concerns about Dr. Gupta possibly being missing, Chaya appeared more focused on shifting responsibility rather than displaying genuine concern for his well-being. [[../Characters/Player Characters/Roderick Fremont|Roderick]] noted that this matter likely exceeded her pay grade as a receptionist. She provided them with Dr. Gupta's address on Jali Street, apartment 28, and recommended the Serpent’s Tail inn as a place to stay. She promised to inform the appropriate individuals as soon as possible.

Suhana led the group past two blocks of faculty buildings to a taller structure, where they encountered a receptionist wearing a turban. The receptionist inquired if they worked in a field, and Suhana translated the question for them. After some consideration, they decided that the question might be a veiled reference to Feldenburg, so they responded affirmatively. In response, the receptionist handed them a letter, which the four of them read but did not show to Suhana. The letter read, “My days might be numbered. You will find me at the professor’s.”

Contemplating the meaning of the letter, they asked Suhana about a place referred to as 'the professor’s.' The only place she could think of that might be known as 'the professor’s' was a bar called Gilani’s, where professors gathered in the evening and used hookahs. While they pondered the situation and enjoyed a drink, they asked the bartender if there had been any messages left for them and when Dr. Gupta was last seen there. It turned out that Dr. Gupta hadn't been seen at the bar for two weeks.

Suhana recognized that there was much they were not disclosing while she was present. She expressed her understanding and mentioned that she didn't want to interfere with their conversation, so she would leave them to it. Before departing for the night, she handed [[../Characters/Player Characters/Ainalucia Julieta Adriana Loracan|Aina]] a piece of paper that could be used to signal her location when torn.

Following her departure, the group considered the phrase "numbered days." Initially, they speculated that it could refer to a calendar with eight days in a week or 32 days in a month. However, they then considered that it might signify the number of professors, which would be one. Nevertheless, this interpretation didn't seem to provide a satisfactory solution.

After an extended period of pondering, [[../Characters/Player Characters/Ainalucia Julieta Adriana Loracan|Aina]] had a realization, chuckling as she did. She understood that the answer was likely "one," not for any of the reasons they initially thought of, but because it referred to [[../Characters/Professor Felwurd Einbach|Professor Einbach]]. The name [[../Characters/Professor Felwurd Einbach|Einbach]] contained "Ein," meaning "one". Armed with this insight, they returned to the apartments, and when they asked the receptionist to visit Dr. Gupta at apartment 1, he handed them the key.

Apartment 1 was dimly lit, with veiled windows that suggested it hadn't been ventilated for days. As they closed the door behind them, someone stepped out from around a corner and inquired, "You are from [[../Characters/Professor Felwurd Einbach|Einbach]]?" Confirming their affiliation, they introduced themselves to the person, who revealed himself as Dr. Rajan Gupta.