*8-9 Sirorev, 1524*

The group approach Elric's smithy, marked with a sign that reads "Elric's Smithy". Braya is sitting outside and asks [[../Characters/Player Characters/Ainalucia Julieta Adriana Loracan|Aina]] if she can help them. [[../Characters/Player Characters/Ainalucia Julieta Adriana Loracan|Aina]] promises to ask her father Elric. Inside the shop are tools and weapons hanging on the walls, and according to [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Gideon]], they are of good quality with the most expensive items worth up to 25 gp.

Elric enters with dark hair slicked back and piercing blue eyes fixed on them. When they ask him about the zombies, he confirms that they can only be killed by burning. He also shares his thoughts that the warriors of [[../Gods/The Grey/Timnar|Timnar]] are going too far and believes it could be because Ralph wants to show his aptitude for being the sheriff. Elric explains that the dead from the first attack were four farm boys and the kitchen hand of the tavern. Most of those who fought back successfully ended up joining the warriors of [[../Gods/The Grey/Timnar|Timnar]]. Elric believes that a courier brought news of the zombies to the wider region.

However, the conversation is cut short when [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Gideon]] starts speculating on Cedric’s intentions. [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Gideon]]'s suggestion that Cedric is jealous of the witches' ability to heal offends Elric, as he holds Cedric in high regard. This affects [[../Characters/Player Characters/Ainalucia Julieta Adriana Loracan|Aina]]'s chances of hiring Braya, but she continues to try and convince Elric. In the end, [[../Characters/Player Characters/Lugh Aynurdaris|Lugh]] lends 10 gold to [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Gideon]] so he can buy a shield.

The group visits the store "General Story: all the Bibs and Bobs you need". As they open the door, a small bell rings. After sounds of things falling over, the shop's owner, Cathil, rushes into the room. A lean and tan woman in her forties, she's heard enough about the zombies and Cedric. Instead, she insists that the ghost in the hills is the cause of all the trouble.

She tells the group about her own encounter with the ghost, a gaunt and tall figure in armor that glowed and was mostly transparent. The armor was similar to the type Sir [[../Characters/Player Characters/Roderick Fremont|Fremont]] wore, and the ghost raised one arm at Cathil before she ran for her life. Cathil also informs them about the hill where the ghost appeared, which was accessible from one of the smaller side streets, and the presence of goblins in the hills who had threatened travelers in the past.

Regarding the town's leadership, Cathil explains the mayor is chosen by the townspeople, while the sheriff is appointed by the king or another authority in the capital. The sheriff is preferably someone from the town. The group buys trinkets and leaves the store, thanking Cathil before they head back to the inn.

As the group walks to the inn and tower, Braya sneaks up to them from an alley and whispers for them to follow her. She offers them gold to save Elanil and explains that she stole a key to the tower from a drunk guard. She estimates that there are about 10 warriors in the tower at all times. Braya says the lower floor consists of three rooms.

The group decides to visit Isabella and Farah first, hoping they can help. They instruct Braya to wait until they return and make a plan to keep Elanil safe and fed after she escapes. When they speak to the guards at the tower, two farm boys in gambesons, they learn that Cedric no longer gives sermons at the church but only blessings at the tavern before the warriors' shifts.

They have lunch at the inn, where Laras tells them that Elric used to be a cheerful man until his wife died from a fever a few years ago. Braya has been his life ever since. The group informs Laras about what they found in the church and [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Gideon]] sends his familiar, Diudalis, to search for Cedric, but he finds nothing.

The group heads to the mill outside town, just past the merchants' field where the villagers burned and buried the zombies. On their way, they decide to help Veigga with a spell against poisons, but it doesn't work.

The miller, Garin, an old man using a cane, tells the group that the zombies are the fault of the Rundel clan, a group of wild elves who must have found something in the nearby ruins and are using it to attack the town. He claims that the Rundel clan are a group of elves with shamans who use black magic. Garin tells the group that he saw the elves eight to ten weeks ago, near the ruins. He is also suspicious of the witches. When the group asks about the Urgan order of knights, Garin tells them that the ruins belong to the knights and that they also have dark magics.

On the way back to the inn, [[../Characters/Player Characters/Lugh Aynurdaris|Lugh]] stopped by the general store to get a cane. In the meantime, [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Gideon]] upgraded [[../Characters/Player Characters/Ainalucia Julieta Adriana Loracan|Aina]]’s bow and [[../Characters/Player Characters/Ainalucia Julieta Adriana Loracan|Aina]] gave Akila a lion plushie. The group also checked the found books and papers, but none of them could read the book on the Nine Hells.

The next day, before heading out into the forest, the group checked out the church graveyard, including the 5 fresh but undisturbed graves of the victims of the first attack. On the road, they were attacked in broad daylight by 4 zombie goblins, 2 of which turned out to have mushrooms growing from them. They checked their wounds and found that they seemed clean. The group burned the bodies just to be sure, although they seem to stay down after stabbing them some more after they went down.

On arrival at Isabella and Farah's place, they found a massive oak tree with red leaves whose branches reached 100 feet into the sky. Across the clearing was a small whitewashed hut with a thatch roof that lacked any windows or chimneys, next to a garden with cherries and tomatoes. On the other side of the hut were 5 unmarked graves.