_6: 9 Sirorev 1524_

The group starts to investigate the strange hut. There is a message over the door of the hut: “Please do not disturb”. [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Gideon]] recognizes a mark of “Alarm”. [[../Characters/Player Characters/Ainalucia Julieta Adriana Loracan|Aina]] and [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Gideon]] investigate the door and pick the lock. A “!” is suddenly appended to the message. There is a hallway the size of the whole hut inside, with a suit of armour that steps off its pedestal when the door opens.

Wary of the statue, the group checks the outside of the hut once more. No tracks are found on the ground and there are no stains on the walls of the hut itself. Roderick and [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Gideon]] step into the hall first, discovering that each time someone moves along the hallway floor the armour moves the same distance towards that person and if in range, attacks the one that moved.

After a few good hits, Sir Roderick and Mr. [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Gideon]] manage to get through the door in the left wall, after which [[../Characters/Player Characters/Lugh Aynurdaris|Lugh]] manifests his wings and flies in, and [[../Characters/Player Characters/Ainalucia Julieta Adriana Loracan|Aina]] teleports straight into the room on the left.

The group takes a moment to rest in the cozy sitting room, taking in the plush seats, purple fire, and the painting of a rich Zahrian merchant and a young Farah. They notice an oddity with the window - it depicts a sunset over mountains, but it is not sunset outside, and those mountains are not the same ones in which they find themselves.

While [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Gideon]] prepares tea in the fireplace, [[../Characters/Player Characters/Ainalucia Julieta Adriana Loracan|Aina]] scrutinized the room and notices that the man in the painting moves. Curious, she strikes up a conversation with the painting, in which the Zahrian man is animated but soundless. It points to the next door when she asks about Farah. Near the end of their rest, the suit of armour in the hall returns to its pedestal and the front door closes.

The group discover a library behind the door in the cozy sitting room. They cautiously entered but Mr. [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Gideon]] steps on a rug that attempts to strangle him. They defeat the rug, and Mr. [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Gideon]] drags it to the fireplace and burns it with a stick.

On the other side of the room, they find a desk with a window that shows mountains in a completely different climate, which [[../Characters/Player Characters/Ainalucia Julieta Adriana Loracan|Aina]] recognizes as the mountains from Montafor.

In the centre of the room is a table with a lectern that holds a richly decorated tome with fiendish-related runes: “The book of spells of Aanzor”. [[../Characters/Player Characters/Gideon Benicio Montague Carceroy|Gideon]] recognizes the name as a being from the lower planes, Aanzor archdevil of the undead. The library had books on various topics, the herbal-alchemical related books appeared used, while the more necromancy-related books were dusty.

The group enters what appears to be a living quarters and is greeted by art supplies and a central queen-sized bed with 4 carved birds on its posts. However, these birds attack them, but the group is able to defeat them handily. The room has a dark style with a skulls and flower motif on the walls. There is a painting on an easel depicting Isabella and Farah.

After leaving the living quarters, they come across a hallway lined with windows on both sides, giving them a view of a river in an exotic forest. This leads them to a kitchen, where they find a flying apron and chef’s hat cooking stew. They then check the next door, leading to a dining room that appears to be adjacent to the original entrance hall, indicating that they have circled the house.

Moving through a large double door on the other side of the kitchen, the group finds a narrow hallway with a blindness trap that temporarily blinds [[../Characters/Player Characters/Lugh Aynurdaris|Lugh]]. They wait patiently until the effect subsides.

The group reaches the end of the hallway and finds themselves in a domed glass house in a hot and beautiful landscape. There are no sounds of any animals, but they call out for Isabella and Farah and announce that they were sent to help. Suddenly, a low earthy voice speaks up from a large walnut tree, warning them not to come any closer as "some aren't nice." They heed the warning and stay where they are, realizing that the voice is coming from a talking tree who introduces itself as Leaf. The group befriends them. Leaf was meant to help protect the home, but he is a pacifist, which is why there are attacking bushes. He also reveals that Farah has a white horned rabbit, an Almiraj, as a pet.

Upon returning to the kitchen, the group requests dinner from the invisible servant while [[../Characters/Player Characters/Lugh Aynurdaris|Lugh]] takes out his pan flute rumoured to attract small animals and plays it. Soon enough, a white Almiraj, likely Snowflake, shows up, confirming Leaf's previous revelation.