*8 Sirorev, 1524*

Surviving the ambush from the Warriors of Timnar, Lugh is approached by Gideon who offers to temporarily improve his armor. Lugh leaves his armor with Gideon and goes outside to ask guidance from the goddess Nethin. He channels Nethin's power and creates a duplicate of himself in the daylight moon. Through meditating on his duplicate he enters a trance without realizing until his duplicate blinks. Then a breeze picks up and he hears a whisper from the wind saying "Outside my reach, cannot see."

When Lugh returns to the inn, Gideon and Aina are almost finishing their breakfast. Gideon has finished Lugh’s armor and adjusted his own armor, giving it an iridescent glow, while Aina is talking to Laras about their travel histories. Lugh informs Laras that the current problems are not caused by any offense towards the goddess Nethin. After breakfast, Lugh and his companions leave the inn.

On their way to the farm, Gideon suggests that the gods Pentath, Fax, or Wendel could be involved. The path to the farm leads them close to Farrier Dunsten, who is whistling seemingly happily. Akila follows them stealthily to keep an eye out.

Upon reaching the farm, they talk to Jorn and Veigga about the big attack. The zombies first appeared in an attack about 6 weeks ago. Veigga thinks that there were about 20 Warriors of Timnar in total. The warriors saved her from a small later attack where she was bitten by a zombie. She now has terrible nightmares where her blood turns into an oily, dark liquid.

Lugh manages to heal the dead tissue with a restorative spell, but a black, veiny structure remains. They apply a tourniquet to prevent the spread of the black spot and promise to return with more help, maybe even with the witches’ help. Veigga does not seem comfortable with the idea. After the visit, Jorn follows the group outside to ask them to get the witches’ help even if it was something sinister. As a token, he gives them muesli honey balls for their journey.

During their journey back, the group talks to Farrier Dunsten. Dunsten used to be in a skirmish unit in the army and later married an elven colleague, which would explain Alanil’s pointed ears. He informs them that the 'witches' arrived after the mayor died and seem to be good folk. When they ask about Cedric, he tells them that Cedric's powers appear to gradually weaken. The conversation shifts towards the warriors. According to Dunsten, there are at least 20 warriors of Timnar. He also tells them about Ralph Ogden, the leader of the Warriors of Timnar who was a wealthy farmer. He has a cordial relationship with Elric the smith. Ralph also wasn’t at odds with the mayor before his death.

Dunsten tells them that during the first attack, the sheriff was grabbed, but no one saw the sheriff die. In the attack, Elric killed a goblin zombie, but it gets back up after he turns his back on it. He then put it down again, after which it stays down. The remaining dead goblins are burned, and the dead villagers are buried in the cemetery. He hasn't seen Farah and Isabella for 5 weeks. Gideon promises Dunsten a familiar and as a down payment of 4 gold to buy a mule.

After their conversation with Dunsten, Lugh and his companions go to the church to look for Cedric, but there is no one there. The church, bedroom, and office are dusty and unused. In the office, they find annotated papers on the history of the region and the church of Athaca, goddess of magic. Besides the papers on the desk, there are two books, one on Destania and the other on the Nine Hells.